[Music]
hey what's up guys today i'll show you a
horror film senester part two
spoiler ahead watch out and take care
three people are being seen in a
cornfield hanging from crosses
one person is filming the scene and each
of them has bags covering their heads
the camera person grabs a lighter and
places on the ground this ignites a fire
that burns all three of them they are
screaming in agony dylan collins lies in
bed looking a little spooky he hears a
slight screeching metal noise coming
from his closet dylan stares at the open
closet noticing the hanging clothes are
swaying and making a screeching metal
noise dylan hides beneath his blanket
for a moment before peeking into the
closet again
this time he sees a person emerge from
the darkness
he feels a childlike demonic presence in
front of him for a moment then it comes
behind him he then jumped out of his bed
out of fear and when he examined his bed
there was nothing
deputy so and so goes to a church to
confess to the priest he tells about the
last film and his family's fate since
the murder situation he hasn't been back
on the force
deputy so-and-so believes that there is
a demonic presence at work he is
determined to prevent anyone else from
experiencing the same fate dylan is with
his twin brother zach and mother
courtney at a supermarket zack argues
with dylan when dylan is shot in a play
despite zach saying he has hit his
brother first
courtney notices a suspicious looking
male looking at her and her boys
he is following her and courtney tells
the children to start running the man
chases them as they run out of the
supermarket
courtney tells the security guard that
the man chasing them touches one of her
children the security guard then blocks
the man from following them
courtney and the boys got in the car and
drove away the man calls someone on the
phone as they leave and says that is the
woman definitely the family moves into a
new house which was once a church with a
history of brutal murders dylan seems
different and see something that his
brother and mother can't at night a boy
named milo told dylan to go to the
basement with him dylan went along and
met another boy named ted
both of them let dylan watch a film this
film shows a family being hang upside
down by their feet and then eaten alive
by an alligator dylan is too scared to
finish the movie despite milo insisting
that he will watch another dylan ran
back into his bed and covered himself
with a blanket so and so decides to go
to the church home to set it on fire
just like he did to other houses
connected to the murders including
oswald's home from the previous movie
still he stops when he sees the collins
family
courtney believes he is working with the
man at the supermarket
courtney is even more surprised to learn
that he is a private investigator
courtney suspects her ex-husband sent
him there to retrieve the boys so and so
claims he wants to only investigate the
property and courtney agrees
so and so is in a motel investigating
the string murders of which the oswalds
were apart his computer screen shows
flashes of milo's murder as well as
photos of milo a red symbol that belongs
to bagool is also visible bagool appears
in the shadows of so and so while the
laptop is turned off before the computer
switches back on he sees a glimpse of
the demon the symbol showed up on the
computer screen and it seemed to be
bleeding so and so then shuts the laptop
as he is frightened by it at night milo
revisits dylan but dylan rejects milo as
he does not want to watch another
horrifying video dylan experiences
violent nightmares that night including
his father brutally beating his mother
and about other murders
milo and other children meet him in the
basement milo and other children show
him a christmas morning video of a
family having a good time only to be
buried alive in the snow and freeze to
death the family's mouth was tied up
their eyes were still moving and their
skin was in severe frostbites the video
ends and dylan says he does not want to
watch another video
milo informs him that he must watch all
the videos to end the nightmares sack is
envious of dylan and pretends to be able
to see the youngsters as well
zack called dylan a [ __ ] and insulted
him
courtney notices him and walks out of
the house to confront sack about what he
said
so when so arrives to continue his
investigation courtney showed him the
church and left to let so and so have
the research alone
he studied the place where he compared
the pictures
so and so then here's a slight noise he
walks through the darkened hallways and
notices a goblet in motion he throws
something at the goblet and it turns out
to be a rat
so and so flashes his flashlight and
then sees the shadows that her children
and he gets a glimpse of bagool he
jumped back and landed in another room
on the walls he saw the symbol a man
called on his phone and informed him
that professor jonas had gone missing
and left something to help them solve
the case
so and so noticed dylan alone on the
porch
he approached dylan and started a
conversation with him
he stands next to him and they talk
about their nightmares clint arrives
with state troopers to bring the boys
home away from courtney courtney tries
to slap him but clint stops her hand
ellen sees him and pees in his pants she
then ordered the boys to get inside the
house
so and so tries to hold them back by
calling their bluff when he discovers
that they don't have a warrant they
could arrest so and so this will draw
unwanted media attention since he was
arrested years ago he could make it into
a case of child kidnapping the cop
realized so and so was right clint
promises to return even though the
troopers leave so and so tells courtney
to stay because she could be considered
a flight risk but he also wants to
protect her and the boys from being
slaughtered like the oswalds courtney
and dylan invite so and so over to stay
the night he cannot sleep and joins
courtney outside for a smoke
courtney confirms clint's claim that he
beat dylan once before courtney says
clint sent dylan to the hospital because
of that
milo revisits dylan for the third time
and another child has added to the group
playing his video
this time a family is tied in their
kitchen and placed in a water pool
before being electrocuted
zach went into the basement after dylan
left and asked milo why he was not
chosen
milo explained that zach is neither
better nor wiser than any of the
children including dylan
so and so meets dr stromberg for a
discussion about his knowledge of the
murders
stromberg shows him a radio recording
that a norwegian girl made while playing
the piano to her mother the mother's
terrified screams can be heard
stromberg claims that the girl was
telling bagool that she couldn't listen
to her playing because of her mother
screaming the deputy requests that the
radio be destroyed and it's revealed
that bagool travels through art like
books film music and drawings
zach takes dylan out of the house and
beats dylan until he confesses that zach
is better than him the ghost children
shows up and scares away the children
suggest he should do something to his
family to make him weak
horton chastises zack and requests that
he apologize to his brother however zach
criticizes his mother and brother and
refers to her as a [ __ ]
courtney maintains her composure and
asks sac to go to his room
dylan's last video is from milo and it
takes place at the church as begule gave
birth to a few rats he nailed his family
members to the ground
milo collected the rats laid them on
each family's stomachs and covered them
with goblets
finally he placed hot coals on each one
to make the rats eat the family's bodies
dylan declares that he has ceased to
watch these videos and children looking
like demonized dylan ran away from the
children and kids inside the church the
children still managed to find him and
milo claims that it's all okay and that
the videos were not meant for him dylan
goes back inside the house and walks
downstairs in the basement where he
finds the children and his brother zach
who's watching the last video
dylan tries to pull zach out but zach is
enjoying the video and slaps dylan
making him fall on the ground
milo threatens dylan not to tell anyone
or they will kill his family clint
returns with a custody warrant and
courtney is forced to give up her boys
and goes home with him at dinner dylan
does not have the appetite to eat clint
suggested he should eat so he could gain
energy clint gets mad and forcefully
shoves mashed potatoes in dylan's face
clint stops and apologizes to dylan and
wipes his face after courtney yells at
him to stop so-and-so tries to contact
courtney even makes it to clint's house
he knocks on the door and clint opens it
clint with his gun begins beating so and
so before telling him that if courtney
ever returns to him he will take it out
on her again and then kill so and so
the ghost children are now helping zach
to prepare
zach is making a video of his family
having a picnic outside dylan spots
something strange and takes courtney's
cell phone to send a message for help to
sew and so
then so and so receives the message
clint dylan courtney are all hung on
crosses that night
zach films them and then burns clink
first
just as zach was about to light the
lighter to burn the other family member
so and so arrived and rammed zach with
his car
so and so takes courtney and dylan down
while zach tries his best to get up
zach chases the three of them into the
house holding a sickle
he slits a few fingers of so and so but
he escapes with courtney and dylan
corden covers so-and-so's hand with a
cloth to stop bleeding then they run
upstairs and hide
one of the ghost children saw so and so
and tells the others where they are
hiding the children find so and so and
help sac get him while courtney and
dylan run downstairs
sack tries to make a video of more
killings but so and so breaks the camera
zach panics and runs to the basement in
search of a new camera the children say
bagul will get mad and it is already too
late for him he did not get to finish
killing them all soba ghoul would come
after him instead
when the demon appears he puts his hand
on zack's shoulders the children watch
as he begins to decay and transforms
into a skeleton
courtney then sees zach on the screen on
fire so and so suggests they should
leave
she dashes outside with dylan so and so
sobs for zach as the fire spreads
throughout the house
so and so brings courtney and dylan back
to his motel room the ham radio suddenly
turns on by itself and picks up a
frequency at first he hears a voice then
the children's voice is mocking him
saying that it's the kids the ghoul's
face appears to give one more scare
this is daniel cc movie channel peace
out